Detect Magic	Divination	1	Action	10 min	Self	VSRC
For the duration, you sense the presence of magical effects within 30 feet of yourself. If you sense such effects, you can take the Magic action to see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears the magic, and if an effect was created by a spell, you learn the spell's school of magic.
The spell is blocked by 1 foot of stone, dirt, or wood; 1 inch of metal; or a thin sheet of lead.

Identify	Divination	1	1 min	Inst	Touch	VSR
You touch an object throughout the spell's casting. If the object is a magic item or some other magical object, you learn its properties and how to use them, whether it requires Attunement, and how many charges it has, if any. You learn whether any ongoing spells are affecting the item and what they are. If the item was created by a spell, you learn that spell's name.
If you instead touch a creature throughout the casting, you learn which ongoing spells, if any, are currently affecting it.

Sleep	Enchantment	1	Action	1 min	60 ft	VS C
Each creature of your choice in a 5-foot-radius Sphere centered on a point within range must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or have the Incapacitated condition until the end of its next turn, at which point it must repeat the save. If the target fails the second save, the target has the Unconscious condition for the duration. The spell ends on a target if it takes damage or someone within 5 feet of it takes an action to shake it out of the spell's effect.
Creatures that don't sleep, such as elves, or that have Immunity to the Exhaustion condition automatically succeed on saves against this spell.

Thunderwave	Evocation	1	Action	Inst	Self	VS
You unleash a wave of thunderous energy. Each creature in a 15-foot Cube originating from you makes a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, a creature takes 2d8 Thunder damage and is pushed 10 feet away from you. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much damage only.
In addition, unsecured objects that are entirely within the Cube are pushed 10 feet away from you, and a thunderous boom is audible within 300 feet.

Comprehend Languages	Divination	1	Action	1 hr	Self	VSR
For the duration, you understand the literal meaning of any language that you hear or see signed. You also understand any written language that you see, but you must be touching the surface on which the words are written. It takes about 1 minute to read one page of text. This spell doesn't decode symbols or secret messages.

